We will identify and analyze
what are the growth levers,
that is, what are the pathways
that the entire company
has to grow.
I think it's very interesting because
the first thing you have to have
it in mind.
When you have all the levers in
mind, it's easier to remember
and put them into practice
than to implant them in your business.
What we're going to do is
identify which metrics
are most important to make
a sediment or more representative
of that growth lever.
I like to classify the
growth levers into two blocks.
I like to classify them into
new customers, we can grow by
capturing new customers, which
obviously will generate an additional
income, or what we can
do is grow in current customers,
sell more to current
customers, buy us more
often, etc.
Let's start with new customers.
There are two ways or two of
unpaid new customer acquisition
leverage, which are organic,
and therefore have a huge benefit
because it reduces the
average customer acquisition
cost.
It is very easy to understand.
And they are mouth-to-mouth, or
badly called because they really
should be called mouth-to-ear, and
virality, which are different,
although they are often confused.
Mouth-to-mouth occurs when a customer
of yours is delighted and what
he does is tell his friends,
family, etc., and is helping
you to capture customers at
zero cost.
What is the key for this to happen?
As we have said, the customer
is pleased, the customer experience
has exceeded their expectations.
How can we measure it?
There are two important metrics.
One is the NPS, which is a Net Promoter
Score survey, in which you are asked
from zero to ten, to what extent
would you recommend this product
to your friends or family?
You probably did some
similar survey because
we at The Power Envoy
do it repeatedly.
Another very important and easier
ratio to measure is of all the
customers I have, how many have
come by reference of friends?
Because these have not cost me, I
didn't have to invest in them.
This is the mouth to mouth, let's
see the virality.
Virality does not occur because
customers are delighted, virality
occurs due to the use of the
product.
You can see this with a good example,
Dropbox.
You can use Dropbox yourself only because
it's true that it brings value to
you, because you can save your files
in the cloud and not have them in
the ornament, etc.
But sharing is also very important,
and when you send an invitation
to someone else to share
a folder with someone else
on Dropbox, you're
fostering Dropbox
virality.
Dropbox has grown so.
If you are not a client,
you don't have Dropbox installed,
you install it.
You have a client for Dropbox.
The metric with which we measure
virality is the virality coefficient.
We will study it in more detail.
But the virality coefficient tells
you about each of your clients
how many they have generated.
If the virality coefficient is greater
than one, each client generates
more than one client, so the
curve is exponential.
What must we do so that
this happens?
What we have to do is, we have
to do everything possible to make
it happen.
We have to adapt the product, we
have to design the product of the
services, do engineering so that
they are as viral as possible.
And finally, how can we get new
customers?
Well, the traditional way, through
paid advertising, that is,
investing to capture them.
And here the most important
metrics, in order to be sustainable,
is to subtract the cost of the Customer
Lifetime Value minus the cost
of customer acquisition.
You know, this is a very important formula.
And what we have to do is optimize
it, optimize one and optimize
another, and maximize the Customer
Lifetime Value and permanently
optimize the cost of customer
acquisition.
As we do, we will be more profitable
and we will be able
to grow more.
Let's see how to grow in current
customers.
I would mostly say that there
are two leverages to grow in current
customers.
One, that customers buy us more
often or for longer, that is
something similar.
And the other, that each time they
buy us, they buy us more.
Let us start with the lever
related to time, with the repetition.
I have classified it in two, I have
classified it in repeat and lifetime.
And I will explain why.
There are where you sell
on time.
Hawkers sell glasses.
Well, here, for Hawkers to grow,
what you have to is that the
glasses buyers buy you
more often.
What should we measure?
That is the repetition rate.
How many times, for example,
a customer buys glasses in a period
of time throughout their
life?
It would probably be the most representative
metric.
What is what we have to do?
The customer is delighted.
Experience of the client.
But I also put, as you can
see, I put lifetime.
It could be a recurrence.
I separated why.
I am thinking about subscription
business models.
Not in business models of punctual
purchase, but in business
models where there is a subscription
fee.
And in this case what we measure
is not the number of times we buy.
We could measure the time period
that is with us.
Or we could measure the chan rate,
which is the percentage of customers
who give us a drop.
This is a metric that you need to know well.
Because it is a very important
metric that you need to
be constantly monitoring.
Because as it is fired, as the
rate rises, we have to analyze
and identify why.
What depends all this on?
Again, it depends on the
customer experience.
It depends on your customers being happy.
If they are not happy, they are down.
Now, we go to the last of the slides.
How can we grow with our current
customers?
Every time they buy us, they
buy us more.
There are several strategies to do so.
Cross, Upsell and attach.
Cross selling and top selling.
The main thing is that
the average ticket is higher.
And how do we do it?
through product development.
If you sell him a headband and sell
him a glasses, you have achieved
that the average ticket is higher.